bump jruby to 9.2.12.0 (#12071)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/troubleshooting.asciidoc

[source,sh]
-----
WARNING: An illegal reflective access operation has occurred

> WARNING: Illegal reflective access by org.jruby.ext.openssl.SecurityHelper (file:/var/folders/cg/p_vcxtdj32d4ssw5cz3n43th0000gn/T/jruby-44535/jruby16549305496655381936jopenssl.jar) to field java.security.MessageDigest.provider

Reviewer: Can we redact some of the bits that we expect to be environment/build-specific?

```suggestion
WARNING: Illegal reflective access by org.jruby.ext.openssl.SecurityHelper (file:/{...}/jruby{...}jopenssl.jar) to field java.security.MessageDigest.provider
```

Author: sure! I was happy to remove the explicit mention of a user's home directory, but I agree no one wants to see how quirky someone else's tmpdir is.

Author: done 👍

[source,sh]
-----
--add-opens=java.base/java.security=ALL-UNNAMED

> --add-opens=java.base/java.io=ALL-UNNAMED

Reviewer 2: think we'll need merge with these: https://github.com/jruby/jruby/blob/9.2.12.0/bin/.jruby.module_opts

```
--add-opens java.base/java.io=org.jruby.dist
--add-opens java.base/java.nio.channels=org.jruby.dist
--add-opens java.base/sun.nio.ch=org.jruby.dist
--add-opens java.management/sun.management=org.jruby.dist
```

Author: that raises an interesting point, even the two we listed could have a finer grained opens:

```
# https://github.com/colinsurprenant/jruby-stdin-channel/issues/1
--add-opens=java.base/java.io=com.jrubystdinchannel
# jruby-openssl
--add-opens=java.base/java.security=org.jruby.ext.openssl

```

Reviewer 2: that won't work unless the dependencies are properly modularized with a [module-info](https://github.com/headius/invokebinder/blob/invokebinder-1.11/src/main/java/module-info.java) but even if they were there's still the problem of these being JRuby extensions and the .jar would likely need to be moved to a 'proper' module-path instead of relying on JRuby's custom class-loader to do the loading, 
we need to stick with `org.jruby.dist` and probably even "un-named" for the extensions, at least for now : 

```
--add-opens=java.base/java.io=ALL-UNNAMED
--add-opens=java.base/java.security=ALL-UNNAMED
--add-opens java.base/java.nio.channels=org.jruby.dist
--add-opens java.base/sun.nio.ch=org.jruby.dist
--add-opens java.management/sun.management=org.jruby.dist
```

Author: got it, thanks for the explanation, I've addressed this :+1:
